README.md, before:

# photobot-v4

# deps
https://ubuntu-mate.org/download/arm64/ 
Setup to not need to login with checkbox.
Enable SSH - 
```
    sudo apt-get remove openssh-server
```
```
    sudo apt-get install openssh-server
```
Reboot system after install
```
    sudo systemctl enable ssh
```
Update power management settings.
If using a screen with a height of 600px, rotate the screen.
Activate screen saver when idle
Lock screen when screen saver is active.
If screen was rotated before (due to a height of 600px), then rotate the screen back.
Remember the password!
```
sudo apt-get -y install python3-tk python3-pil python3-pil.imagetk gphoto2 curl python-xlib python3-pip
```
```
curl https://bootstrap.pypa.io/get-pip.py -o get-pip.py
```
Then run the following command in the folder where you have downloaded get-pip.py:
```
python get-pip.py
```
```
pip install keyboard pyserial
```
```
sudo usermod -a -G dialout $USER
```
Logout/login required for these changes to be made.


Install via a crontab at restart on root due to the way we are listing for keyboard presses
```
sudo crontab -u root -e
```

Needs too be hard path as cron is running in some other scope. Also while we are at it schedule auto reboots.

```
@reboot /home/atm-machine/photobot-v4/photobot.py 
0 4   *   *   *    /sbin/shutdown -r +5
```

Commit message:

adding in environmental variable for dynamic pathing

README.md, after:

# photobot-v4

# deps
https://ubuntu-mate.org/download/arm64/ 
Setup to not need to login with checkbox.
Enable SSH - 
```
    sudo apt-get remove openssh-server
```
```
    sudo apt-get install openssh-server
```
Reboot system after install
```
    sudo systemctl enable ssh
```
Update power management settings.
If using a screen with a height of 600px, rotate the screen.
Activate screen saver when idle
Lock screen when screen saver is active.
If screen was rotated before (due to a height of 600px), then rotate the screen back.
Remember the password!
```
sudo apt-get -y install python3-tk python3-pil python3-pil.imagetk gphoto2 curl python-xlib python3-pip
```
```
curl https://bootstrap.pypa.io/get-pip.py -o get-pip.py
```
Then run the following command in the folder where you have downloaded get-pip.py:
```
python get-pip.py
```
```
pip install keyboard pyserial
```
Finally we need to set our environmental variables. Rather than doing it in the bash_config or bashrc we need them to be available to the root user as well since that is who will be running our script.
export $MACHINE_NAME=your-user-name

Alternatively, to create persistent variables that are truly system-wide, you should set them in /etc/environment
```
sudo usermod -a -G dialout $USER
```
Logout/login required for these changes to be made.


Install via a crontab at restart on root due to the way we are listing for keyboard presses
```
sudo crontab -u root -e
```

Needs too be hard path as cron is running in some other scope. Also while we are at it schedule auto reboots.

```
@reboot python3 /home/atm-machine/photobot-v4/photobot.py 
0 4   *   *   *    /sbin/shutdown -r +5
```
